pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

### [Home](../index.md) - [About](../pages/about.md) - [Resume](../pages/resume.md) - [Publications](../pages/publications.md)

# About

I am at my happiest when learning new things and deep diving into random topics with passionate individuals.
I love problem solving and the challenge of breaking down complex topics into digestable chunks, naturaly, mentoring has been something that I have enjoyed picking up over the past few years, taking on interns for Ströer each summer and mentoring early career individuals outside of work.
In my limited spare time I enjoy finding and completing all the escape rooms we can with my wife, playing and attempting to create video games, and travelling.

## Career

I am a Data Scientist currently working for Ströer Labs NZ, the development house for Ströer GmbH, a major online advertising platform in the German market.
While the wider company is large, the Christchurch office is small and nimble, closer to a tech start-up.
I have been very lucky to have had a lot of freedom in my role, gaining exposure to and learning many parts of the Data spectrum; from Data Engineering, through Analytics and Modelling, to modern subfields like Machine Learning Operations.
Other hats I have worn during my time at Ströer include software engineering, helping with recruitment, third party business assessment and collaboration, and attending conferences.  

Before Ströer I worked for Foodstuffs South Island Ltd at their Christchurch based distribution centre, filling various roles such as forklift driver, supervisor, data analyst, and automation engineer.
I was able to help improve operational efficiency enough for the warehouse to get international recognition, kickstarting my interest software and data driven processes.

## Academia

From July 2022 to July 2024 (concurrently with Strǒer Labs NZ), I completed a Master's of Science at the University of Canterbury, majoring in Physics. 
This was with the Atmospheric Science department, under the guidance of Dave Frame and Suzanne Rosier.
My particular research niche was extreme weather events over New Zealand, particularly precipitation, and how these differ in simulated worlds with and without anthropogenic climate change.
I enjoyed the challenge of adapting my skills learnt from AdTech to thousands of years of simulated geospatial data.
During this time I was given the opportunity to attend and speak at a national meteorology conference. 

From February 2015 to November 2017, I completed a Bachelor's of Science at the University of Canterbury, majoring in both Physics and Computer Science.
The small amount of research I did in my undergraduate studies was in Solid State Physics, creating thin films of Yttrium Silicate via pulsed laser deposition as proposed candidates for quantum computing.
While the technique was rough, we were able to show that it was possible to produce this particular form of quantum semiconductor (rare-Earth doped YSO) in situ.

&nbsp;

[<img src="../resources/icons/GitHub.png" height="32" width="32"/>](https://github.com/Graphight)
[<img src="../resources/icons/LinkedIn.png" height="32" width="32"/>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tom-marsh-3aa764154/)

[//]: # ([<img src="../resources/icons/Itch.png" height="32" width="32"/>]&#40;https://graphight.itch.io/&#41; )

Commit message:

update the 'about' section now that I am in Boston

pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

### [Home](../index.md) - [About](../pages/about.md) - [Resume](../pages/resume.md) - [Publications](../pages/publications.md)

# About

I am a Machine Learning Engineer located in Boston, MA, with 8 years building production systems at TB/PB scale. 
I have a Physics background and a track record of measurable business impact including foundational tech for a $20M+ company. 
I thrive when learning new domains and greatly enjoy deep diving into random topics with passionate individuals.

## Career

I am a Data Scientist currently working for Ströer Labs NZ, the development house for Ströer GmbH, a major online advertising platform in the German market.
While the wider company is large, the Christchurch office is small and nimble, closer to a tech start-up.
I have been very lucky to have had a lot of freedom in my role, gaining exposure to and learning many parts of the Data spectrum; from Data Engineering, through Analytics and Modelling, to modern subfields like Machine Learning Operations.
Other hats I have worn during my time at Ströer include software engineering, helping with recruitment, third party business assessment and collaboration, and attending conferences.  

Before Ströer I worked for Foodstuffs South Island Ltd at their Christchurch based distribution centre, filling various roles such as forklift driver, supervisor, data analyst, and automation engineer.
I was able to help improve operational efficiency enough for the warehouse to get international recognition, kickstarting my interest software and data driven processes.

## Academia

From July 2022 to July 2024 (concurrently with Strǒer Labs NZ), I completed a Master's of Science at the University of Canterbury, majoring in Physics. 
This was with the Atmospheric Science department, under the guidance of Dave Frame and Suzanne Rosier.
My particular research niche was extreme weather events over New Zealand, particularly precipitation, and how these differ in simulated worlds with and without anthropogenic climate change.
I enjoyed the challenge of adapting my skills learnt from AdTech to thousands of years of simulated geospatial data.
During this time I was given the opportunity to attend and speak at a national meteorology conference. 

From February 2015 to November 2017, I completed a Bachelor's of Science at the University of Canterbury, majoring in both Physics and Computer Science.
The small amount of research I did in my undergraduate studies was in Solid State Physics, creating thin films of Yttrium Silicate via pulsed laser deposition as proposed candidates for quantum computing.
While the technique was rough, we were able to show that it was possible to produce this particular form of quantum semiconductor (rare-Earth doped YSO) in situ.

&nbsp;

[<img src="../resources/icons/GitHub.png" height="32" width="32"/>](https://github.com/Graphight)
[<img src="../resources/icons/LinkedIn.png" height="32" width="32"/>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tom-marsh-3aa764154/)

[//]: # ([<img src="../resources/icons/Itch.png" height="32" width="32"/>]&#40;https://graphight.itch.io/&#41; )
